Split up README.md into separate files. (#468)
kroxylicious/kroxylicious: DEV_GUIDE.md

To workaround around the issue, tune the `service_timeout` so that the timeout is in sympathy with the
expectations of the underlying HttpClient defaults.

Do so by following these instructions.

### MacOS X

Start the `podman` machine as normal, then:

```shell
echo 'mkdir -p /etc/containers/containers.conf.d && printf "[engine]\nservice_timeout=91\n" > /etc/containers/containers.conf.d/service-timeout.conf' && systemctl restart podman.socket |  podman machine ssh --username root --
```

### Linux

As a privileged user:

```shell
mkdir -p /etc/containers/containers.conf.d && printf "[engine]\nservice_timeout=91\n" > /etc/containers/containers.conf.d/service-timeout.conf && systemctl restart podman.socket
```

### Verify that the fix is effective

On Linux, start this command:
```shell
socat - UNIX-CONNECT:$(podman info --format '{{.Host.RemoteSocket.Path}}')
```
On Mac OSX, Start this command:
```shell
time socat - UNIX-CONNECT:/var/run/docker.sock
```
the send this input (including the empty line):
```
GET /version HTTP/1.1
Host: www.example.com

```

You'll see an API response.  If the service_timeout change is effective, the socat

> will continue indefinitely.  If `socat` terminates after about 10 seconds, the workaround

Reviewer: Whoops looks like we missed a change 
```suggestion
will continue for 3 mins.  If `socat` terminates after about 10 seconds, the workaround
```
